Good morning, Jacob. It's Wednesday, April fifteenth, twenty twenty-six. Tax
Day, Day 3 of Project Arete, and possibly the biggest
single day of Anthropic news since you submitted your application.
Let's get into it. Weather first. Jefferson City is sixty-six
degrees and overcast right now, heading to a high of
seventy-eight with a fifty-four percent chance of rain. That's a
welcome cooldown from yesterday's absurd ninety degrees. Afternoon storms are
possible but nothing severe. Tomorrow looks similar — seventy-eight and
only a thirty-one percent chance of rain, which is good
news for the drive to Columbia for Unbound. Over in
Tacoma, Katelyn's got forty-three degrees and scattered clouds today, but
tomorrow improves — fifty-three degrees and basically dry. Calendar. Calendar
app wasn't running on the Mac again, so I'm working
from context. It's Tax Day — hopefully that's handled. Unbound
Book Festival starts tomorrow, running April sixteenth through nineteenth in
Columbia. You're staying at Mom and Dad's Friday night with
panels Saturday. Today is the last day to finalize which
sessions you care about. Terry Tempest Williams is keynoting. The
arXiv trial evaluation is due in two days — Day
6 of 7, decision approaching. And there's that interesting note
from yesterday — you forwarded an "Anthropic meeting" email to
Tim at work. Is that related to Anthropic pilot work
at the state level? Worth tracking. Messages overnight. Alex Kelley
shared an Apple News article with the commentary "Eat shit
Elon" — almost certainly the N-B-C story about Apple threatening
to remove Grok from the App Store over deepfakes. He
also emphasized a message about wild YouTube recommendations in what
looks like the group chat with Dustin. Classic Alex energy.
Dustin sent a screenshot Monday, no text — quiet. Katelyn
sent seven photos late last night around ten-fifteen. No text
with the images — could be photos from her day,
could be the kind of batch share she does when
she's thinking of you. Worth asking. Now the inbox highlights.
The Axios A-M lead is fascinating and not about Iran:
a Pentagon drone competition was won decisively by a small
British company called Skycutter, which crushed American contractors at Fort
Benning. Their ten-inch fiber-optic drone scored ninety-nine point three overall
— second place was eighty-seven point five. These drones are
co-developed with a Ukrainian outfit and manufactured one every twenty-three
seconds, a hundred and twenty-three thousand units per month. Seventy-five
percent of casualties in the Russia-Ukraine war are caused by
drones, and the U-S military is scrambling to catch up.
Also in Axios: the S and P five hundred nearly
hit a record high yesterday, just zero point two percent
off the January twenty-seventh record, despite the blockade. Investors are
shrugging off geopolitical risk. Pew polling shows Americans softening on
China — favorable views nearly doubled since twenty twenty-three, and
those calling China "the enemy" dropped from forty-two to twenty-eight
percent. The Atlantic published what I think is the best
analysis of the blockade mechanics so far. Key insights: Iran
was making an estimated hundred and thirty-nine million dollars per
day in oil exports. The blockade targets that revenue stream
directly. But the implementation is confused — Trump's Truth Social
post said the Navy would seek and interdict every vessel
that paid a toll to Iran, while CENTCOM's official notice
said nothing about tolls and explicitly upheld freedom of navigation.
Iran has a shadow fleet that can switch off tracking
and broadcast false information. China buys about ninety percent of
Iran's exported oil. Everyone is watching whether Beijing pressures Iran
to negotiate, or digs in. The Atlantic's bottom line: "In
imposing this blockade, Trump is effectively toying with the global
economy." The recession warnings are getting louder. Citadel's Ken Griffin
told Semafor World Economy, quote, "The world's going to end
up in a recession if the Strait of Hormuz is
closed for six to twelve months." The I-M-F cut its
twenty twenty-six growth outlook. Iran's internet blackout is now forty-six
days old with web traffic at one percent of pre-war
levels. And vibe coding is creating an app boom —
new App Store submissions are up eighty-four percent versus last
year's Q-1. Now the big story: Anthropic's biggest news day
since Mythos. Opus four point seven is reportedly imminent. The
Information reports Anthropic is prepping the release, potentially as early
as this week, along with a new A-I design tool.
If it drops this week, it could address the community
complaints about Claude quality while expanding Anthropic's frontier position. Bloomberg
reports investors are offering Anthropic eight hundred billion dollars in
valuation — more than double the three hundred and fifty
billion from February. The revenue trajectory backs it up: Anthropic
has reached thirty billion in annual run-rate revenue, up from
nineteen billion just months ago. They've also discussed going public
as early as October. TechCrunch reports Anthropic's rise is giving
some OpenAI investors second thoughts about that eight hundred and
fifty-two billion dollar valuation. The Treasury Department is actively seeking
Mythos access this week. Secretary Bessent called Mythos, quote, "a
breakthrough in the A-I race with China." Banks were summoned
to discuss A-I-related financial security risks. This is the Glasswing
thesis becoming government policy in real time. OpenAI responded with
a "Cyber" model — G-P-T five point four Cyber, designed
to rival Mythos's vulnerability-finding capabilities. The cybersecurity A-I arms race
is now officially bilateral. And on the policy front: Anthropic
came out against a proposed Illinois law — backed by
OpenAI — that would shield A-I labs from liability if
their systems cause mass casualties or billion-dollar-plus damage. The positioning
is stark: OpenAI wants liability protection, Anthropic opposes it. This
is exactly the kind of policy question the role you
applied for would work on. For your application context: the
signal-to-noise ratio on Anthropic news this week is extraordinary. The
company is simultaneously navigating a model release, a massive valuation
jump, government security partnerships, a cybersecurity arms race, and policy
positioning against OpenAI. The Strategy and Operations role sits at
the intersection of all of this. Your application landed in
the middle of the most consequential week the company has
had since Glasswing. Local news. A Missouri town fired half
its city council over a data center deal — it
landed on r-slash-technology with nine thousand upvotes and got picked
up by Politico. Voters recalled half the council a week
after they approved a data center. This is the anti-data-center
backlash pattern playing out nationally, and it's directly relevant to
your work in Missouri state government. In Jefferson City, Cody
Holt was sworn in as the new Ward 2 council
member, replacing Mealy, on an eight-to-one vote. Prediction markets. Iran
retaliates against the U-S blockade by July: seventy-eight percent. Hormuz
traffic normal by April thirtieth: seven percent — the market
says no way. Iran announces its own forty-eight-hour-plus Hormuz blockade
by July: eighty-six percent. Anthropic releases a model above version
four point six by today: three point four percent —
closing today, didn't happen. Claude 5 before April twentieth: one
percent. arXiv papers — Day 6 of the trial. Four
picks today. First, a method called Coupled Weight and Activation
Constraints for preventing safety drift during fine-tuning — relevant to
anyone building custom fine-tunes for government use. Second, a systematic
catalog of a hundred and ninety-five safety benchmarks revealing that
benchmark proliferation has outpaced measurement standardization — a foundational argument
for guardrails if you're writing that A-I policy doc. Third,
TemplateFuzz achieves a ninety-eight point two percent attack success rate
by targeting chat template vulnerabilities — an underexplored security gap.
And fourth, a vibe coding safety assessment documenting a forty-five
percent silent failure rate in L-L-M-generated safety-critical code. That's the
vibe coding app boom meeting the safety reality. Quick hits
before I let you go. Tax Day — hope the
filing is sorted. Unbound starts tomorrow — pick your Saturday
panels today. Molly's Miles ten-K is in ten days. Capital
City Race in twenty-four. Tomorrow looks good for a training
run — seventy-eight and partly cloudy. The arXiv evaluation is
due April seventeenth, one more day after today. A baby
elephant was born at the National Zoo — Linh Mai,
four hundred and sixty-three pounds, first Asian elephant there in
twenty-five years. John Deere paid ninety-nine million to settle a
right-to-repair class action. And twenty-three major news sites have blocked
the Wayback Machine — digital history under threat. Day 3
of Arete. The Anthropic news today is almost comically well-timed.
You can't control what happens in Greenhouse, but you can
control what you produce today. Unbound prep. arXiv evaluation. Maybe
sketch that A-I policy doc outline. The training window for
Molly's Miles is closing. Build something. That's your briefing.